Hello
Photo Euro 5 2011
it has never been so exciting as this year
because six manufacturers sent their coaches to Norway
Vehicles came to Kristiansand
each of them has good chances for the title Coach of the Year 2012
would have
the range was enough from the experienced professional sea freight
to the newcomer Viseon
for Fire so for an event of superlatives
why so breathtaking scenery in southern Norway so enthralling and
different the participant field
In the following you will get to know the candidates briefly
It remains because of the Volvo 9500's uncompromising economy
to convince
With 225,000 euros, the bus plays in a price increasingly important
casual design is rather sober the equipment simply the
Workmanship is also true in detail the interior acts purpose emphasizing the cockpit
Typical Volvo is a bit edgy therefore
Overall a typical double earner from Sweden made in Poland dapd
then the Askanier Touring polarized for the first time cooperates a big one
Western European bus manufacturer with a Chinese manufacturer
to offer a coach in this country cheap 240000 euros for a brazen
are also an exciting affair you can not great luxury
Expect to make money with touring anymore and not
less in the designated but we wanted more fine grinding
Topp, however, is the most never experienced work dapd the VDL Future was the
lightest candidate in the test field
empty now weighs almost 13 meters long 2 Orkestar
just 13 thousand 140 kilograms that is considerable
and was probably allowed to influence one or the other purchase decision
The VDR Future of combines the best of the drill Future and the Magic
paired with lots of interesting new ideas
his being deviates from the norm but we are sure of these
Post will be heard dapd new ways is the Spanish breast maker
Irizar with whom the 6
This integral coach so run a self-supporting vehicle
which probably did not sit on a bus Schatzi like there
for example Garnier pb was the case with us
the Spaniards stay true to their fidelity that means many apartments and
a far down pulled roof section in the front
the interior looks extremely bright we have the closed app loading
like
DAPD
when with the singing circle 4 16 gt-hd joined a bus at the white as it runs in
Safety he drives lonely at the top
also set by colleagues Gerard or activated carbon
for the neu-ulmer there is no compromise the test bus was a 13
Meter long two-axle with rear doors as a special feature he owned a kitchen
Rear PC and a blue-colored artificial turf as flooring you have to
But first they dare kick but know the power of the unusual and scans
handles points through the very and c13 is a sharp thing
this does not just apply to his Computer Centers for or
but also for the numerous innovations that the young company from the
Bavarian mushroom thing has done well, we have liked the ZF grow the
Bus can be extremely light-footed move the cockpit sets standards
Ergonomics and design inside is for me but then with surprises
Keyword open space
and everywhere details for a better work that is lived experience
the code EuroTest 2011 is history but the stories are behind it
just started »to be told
At the beginning of September 2011, the winner will be announced, there can only be one
of course
All candidates are candidates for a very special prize
namely, the heart of their hearts and that's how welcome welcome to life
See you in the street